¹34 · Pununl cnnnlvl

alne, prop. without

singularlua ·a, ·um, adj. single.

alno, alul, alium, 3v. allon, per·
mit.

appishalpiua, utquid, prora is any.
= s.

altus, -a, ·um, adj. placed, set,
situated.

sobrius, ·a, ·um, αφ’. serious.

sodalis, ·ls, n.m. companion.

soleo, solitae, 2v. be accustomed,
wont.

aolup, solut, solatum, 3 v. tree,
re ease.

mmmmm, adv. sleepily.

aemulo, 4v. dream.

aona, -ntla, adj. guilty.

sorsum, adv. asunden differently.

scopans-llis, aah'. sale.

spatium, ·i, n. mut. space, time.

spectator, ·orla, non. onlooker.

specto, 1 v. look at, watch.

aparabllla, ·a, adj. to be hoped for.

sperno, aproul, spretum, 3 v.
despise; hold alool from.

sparo,1v.ho e.

apos, spol, n. . hope.

spondeo, spopondi, sponsum, 2 v.
pledge, promise.

:tthlhnttffl 'Md'

stimulo, ria urge, excite.

ato, stati, statum, 1 v. stand.

stolidus, a, um, adj. dull, dullard.

ommim, adv. closely, close.

studeo, -ul‚ '2 v. be eager, anxious3

'tpptpuaptephppfi' αφ’. foolish. Ι

suadeo, suasi, suasum, zv. advise.

suauis, -ο, adj. sweet, pleasant.

subbasilicanos, ·l‚ ram. lounger
about the Basilica.

sultldolua, ·a, um, adj. cunning,
sy.

subduco, duxi, ·duaium, 3 v. drsw
out, balance (accounts).

nahisitano, ·onis, aas. obscenity.

sublim, ·laui, ·lltum, 3 v. smear,

int.

subi-uiua, a, ·um, adj. reddish.

subruplo, ·alput or aurpul, ·rop·
tum, 3 v. sualch, steal away.

mauman, ·l‚ n. neue. bench, stool. ,

numum, 1 v. leap up, jump.

sucus, ·l‚ rana jmce.

sum, tul, assa, v. be.

suman, luis, n. mut. sow’s pap.

sumpps, -a, ·um, adj. highest,
no est.

sumo, sampsi, sumptum, 3v. take.
sumpius, -mt, tam. expense.

suos, -a, ·om, αφ’. ones own.

supano, 1 v. surpass.

supplico, 1 v. entreat.

suppositio, -onls, aas. substitution.

supremus, ·a, ·um, adj. highest,
supreme.

suptartuglo, ·fugl, 3 v. escape.

surpiculaa, ·l‚ n.m. rusbbasket.

autumatio. upwards.

aus, auls, n.c. pig, hog.

succenseo, -aul, -sum, 2 v. be

suffiilo, -pandl, pansam, 3 v. .
assunto, 1 v. endure.
subala, ·aa, nfi artifice, wile.

sycophantia, ·as, vaſs crast, deceit.
syngraphus, ·l‚ n.m. passport.

'l'

abono, habui, 3 v. waste away.

taceo, ·cul, 2 v. be silent, say
nothing.

tuentum, ·l‚ n. neut. talent.

tatis, -a, αφ’. such, of such a kind.

talus, ·i, n.m. knucklebone, die;
in pl. dice.

tamon, adv. yet, nevertheless.

tametsi, conj. even though, even il.

tantum, adv. only.

taulus& -α, um, atis'. so great, so
muc.

imposita, -ιο, tam. banker.

techina, aa, tafi trick.

tomas, ·orls, n. nent. back.

tempori, adv. in time.

tempus, ·orls, n. neut. time.

lolam-acis, adi. grasping, close·
st .

tanao, -ut, ·tam, 2 v. hold, grasp,

. understand.

largum, ·l, n. neut. back.

 

A

